Published weekly changlog (#451)
CoboGlobal/product-manual: en/portal/changelog.mdx

description: "Stay updated with the latest documentation changes for Cobo Portal."
---

<Update label="2025/03/12 - 2025/03/18">
**Cobo Accounts**
- Enhanced documentation for passkey management in [Add passkeys as new login method](/en/accounts/add-passkey-as-login-method)

> - Updated security key management guides in [Delete security keys](/en/accounts/delete-security-keys) and [Modify existing login methods](/en/accounts/modify-existing-login-methods)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updated security key management information in [Delete security keys](/en/accounts/delete-security-keys) and [Modify existing login methods](/en/accounts/modify-existing-login-methods)
```

> - Improved multi-factor authentication setup instructions in [Set up multi-factor authentication (MFA) methods](/en/accounts/set-up-mfa)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Improved the setup instructions in [Set up multi-factor authentication (MFA) methods](/en/accounts/set-up-mfa)
```

**Screening**
- Published comprehensive Chinese Screening documentation:
  - [Introduction to Screening](/cn/apps/screening/introduction)
  - [Manage monitored wallets](/cn/apps/screening/settings)
  - [Manage post-screening policies](/cn/apps/screening/risk-policies)
  - [Set up Screening](/cn/apps/screening/set-up)
  - [Manage notification recipients](/cn/apps/screening/recipients)
  - [Manage screening results](/cn/apps/screening/viewscreening)
- Enhanced [Manage screening results](/en/apps/screening/viewscreening) with improved clarity

**Risk Controls**

> - Updated [Set up risk controls for Safe&#123;Wallet&#125; message signing](/en/portal/risk-controls/safe-risk-controls) with refined policy settings and conditions

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Enhanced the steps for [Set up risk controls for Safe&#123;Wallet&#125; message signing](/en/portal/risk-controls/safe-risk-controls)
```
